Add the storage requirements for the JetBrains editors (#2961)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/idea-ultimate.adoc

The `oc login` command establishes the authenticated session and saves the connection information to the configuration file which is read by the Gateway provider for OpenShift Dev Spaces.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> In addition to the recommendations about calculating xref:administration-guide:calculating-che-resource-requirements.adoc[memory and CPU], make sure the storage size is enough to download and unpack the JetBrains IDE. For the largest one, CLion, it requires about 8.5 GB of disk space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the recommendations about calculating xref:administration-guide:calculating-che-resource-requirements.adoc[memory and CPU], make sure you have enough empty storage space to download and unpack the JetBrains IDE. For reference, CLion IDE, which is the largest of the IDEs, requires approximately 8.5 GB of disk space.
```

Reviewer 2: @azatsarynnyy I think we should probably clarify that it is CDE storage and mention PVC in the text

> In addition to the recommendations for calculating xref:administration-guide:calculating-che-resource-requirements.adoc[memory and CPU], ensure you have sufficient PVC size to download and unpack the JetBrains IDE. For reference, CLion IDE, which is the largest of the IDEs, requires approximately 8.5 GB of disk space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the recommendations for calculating xref:administration-guide:calculating-che-resource-requirements.adoc[memory and CPU], make sure you have sufficient PVC size to download and unpack the JetBrains IDE. For reference, CLion IDE, which is the largest of the IDEs, requires approximately 8.5 GB of disk space.
```
